Okay, so just a few notes on FSX for SysOps.
So there is FSx for Windows in Single-AZ and Multi-AZ.
So in Single-AZ, while you have a Single-AZ file system,
and it will automatically still have data replication,
but just from within that AZ, okay.
And you have two generations for that option,
you have Single-AZ 1, which is just SSD and Single-AZ 2,
which is SSD and HDD, in terms of how the storage is done.
The other option is you want to have Multi-AZ is
to use the FSx for Windows Multi-AZ option,
in which case, where we have two AZs,
and it will be synchronous replications
between the two file system,
between the primary one and the standby.
So this will automatically replicate data across AZ.
It's synchronous, and then in case you have a problem,
there will be an automatic failover.
So in case one file system fails,
then a failover will happen automatically
to the standby replicate.
So it's always recommended in FSx for Windows
to use Multi-AZ instead of using 2 Single-AZ
and doing your own replication between them, okay.
Because this option exists in the exam,
you should always choose Multi-AZ over Single-AZ
in case you want to have failover.
That's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.